everyone settle down please
please be seated
we're almost at the conclusion of our bids
where is Nathan Forbes
now for our very last item
an exquisite diamond
cut by none other than Harry Winston himself
this item is well known as the Taylor Burton Diamond
we will begin the bids at $5 million
in my past life I mean
the other night
I heard Connie raving about this diamond
and to think I would have bought it to her
just to make her feel better
I'm gonna get this
for my money I want it
you said you wanted to get me a wedding gift
you said you didn't need anything
I'm sorry babe
you know I don't ask for anything
but if it's out of your budget of course not
5.56 million